Good news still for July Caesar
Chávez Junior just the weekend
past lost and today the former
World Middleweight Champion July
cesar chavez junior threw positive for
marijuana to the test that was practiced
precisely on Saturday after the fight
against sergio maravilla martínez this
begins to take a stir not only for the
that I have given precisely in this
positive preliminary marijuana test
but we will remember even what
prize to the fight against wonder
martínez and this man who ended
totally struck the wonder itself
martinez said about the personality and the
behavior of the Mexican fighter
we listen to the martínez wonder
what really makes me nervous is that
I seem to have already said it in
the last two or three days for the
ecologist I seem the only crazy person who gives
realize that something is wrong and that
that everyone celebrates and applauds
chávez saying good well chávez is the
good champion is not the best but that
champion has a global belt and you have to
allow everything you have to allow
that is positive given with tracksuit and there
that allow him to be able to
neat anti-doping control with against
billy or against marco antonio blond there
that allow so many things and that's a
true shame that allowing that
There has been a traffic accident or
a traffic offense to three weeks
of the world title when we are
alcoholic sportsmen I explain myself
then celebrate that that overflows that
it surpasses me then what I want is
erase the guy from boxing but I want it
get out of the sport because because I know
he deserves just because he does not deserve
be in a professional sport in the
that we should be an example we have to
preach by example we are face
to the public facing the millions of
people millions of children
well, it seemed like he knew something
maravilla martínez not maybe for that
we make contact with that war
voice specialist of the hobby that
precisely he has the information
complete regarding this positive of
July marijuana Cesar Chavez Junior and
be like these good evenings
it is effectively
today the news of the
doping of annoying union chavez
after that fight against sergio
martínez wonder where he lost the
undefeated in fact was consulted in the
company france but they did not want to give a
a statement about it only
they said that the god would not have the
opportunity to explain the situation
between the athletic commission of Nevada in
so much so that the snowy athletic commission
For his part, he can not make a
official comment about it until
do not have the results of the tests
which will be delivered next
Friday afternoon this would be the
second time that I was not
giving positive the first time was
for a diuretic called furosemide after
his victory against troy rowland and in this
occasion was ridden for 10 thousand dollars and
a suspension of seven months in this
occasion you have to wait on Friday for
which is already officially cumplirle
by the athletic commission of
nevada very good afternoon that would be the
made of and expect to make it official
isaac but in some other way in the
information that you have is that if you
gives as positive this one
Marijuana situation with July
Caesar has already been notified of
this to both junior chavez and the
wonder martínez both know the
result only missing that they do
official of them you already know this
result as you see
already as a last question as
this mods specialist that is
happening then practically the
last days in the July race
César Chávez Júnior yesterday his manager
He exploded against Julio Cesar Chavez
Junior saying he was not going to the
workouts that did not show up in
the gym we had some people
sports of having some reports
where Julius Caesar was ignoring
nobody and then this about marijuana
the career of xavi is ending
junior
that is not a boy has a lot of potential
in fact this defeat serves him but there
to see what will happen after it
surely it's going to be a suspension
strong and there is no economic penalty
well that's the least of the end of
accounts but the boy is defeated and
all these excesses are going to have to
are going to serve better to restate
his career are many thanks
we are aware of what happens
with this resolution of the positive of
marijuana from chaves junior thank you and the
war
thanks to that good war because there is
more information in the next 60
minutes we will have here in prison
regarding this case of July Caesar
chávez júnior thank you good afternoon